[SEMVER-MAJOR] condition support to module params (#350)
commitdev/zero: docs/module-definition.md

## Module Definition: `zero-module.yml`

> Module definition defines the information needed for the module to run (`zero apply`).
> Also declares dependency used to determine the order of execution with other modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This file is the definition of a Zero module. It contains a list of all the required parameters to be able to prompt a user for choices during `zero init`, information about how to template the contents of the module during `zero create`, and the information needed for the module to run (`zero apply`).
It also declares the module's  dependencies to determine the order of execution in relation to other modules.
```

| `omitFromProjectFile` | bool            | Field is skipped from adding to project definition                                                                        |
| `conditions`          | list(Condition) | Conditions for prompt to run, if supplied all conditions must pass                                                        |
| `envVarName`          | string          | During `zero apply` parameters are available as env-vars, defaults to field name but can be overwritten with `envVarName` |

### Condition
| Parameters   | Type         | Description                                                       |
|--------------|--------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `action`     | enum(string) | type of condition, currently supports [`KeyMatchCondition`]         |
| `matchField` | string       | Allows you to condition prompt based on another parameter's value |
| `WhenValue`  | string       | Matches for this value to satisfy the condition                   |
| `data`       | list(string) | Supply extra data for condition to run                            |

> ### Validation

Reviewer: Missing info on some of the other things like the `contitions` and `template` fields related to templating.

Author: definitely good call to add this documentation, I looked at conditions and thought oh its there, but theres actually 2 types

Reviewer: Yeah the naming might be a bit confusing..
